release note: cpfp carveout removed in 31.0 (#34266)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/release-notes-33629.md

  mempool.

- Chunk size and chunk fees are now also included in the output of `getmempoolentry`.

- The "CPFP Carveout" has been removed from the mempool logic. The CPFP carveout
  allowed one additional child transaction to be added to a package that's already
  at its descendant limit, but only if that child has exactly one ancestor
  (the package's root) and is small (no larger than 10kvB). The addition of a cluster count
  limit makes the CPFP carveout rule useless, because a carveout

>   cannot be allowed to bypass the cluster count limit. It is expected that smart

Reviewer: I might be off here, but is it cluster **count** or **size** limit?

https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/34a77138b7a6f65a31c6273f2770e943cc0b474b/src/txgraph.cpp#L1957-L1960 and https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/34a77138b7a6f65a31c6273f2770e943cc0b474b/src/txgraph.cpp#L2134 indicates it's `size`:
```suggestion
  (the package's root) and is small (no larger than 10kvB). The addition of a cluster size
  limit makes the CPFP carveout rule useless, because a carveout
  cannot be allowed to bypass the cluster size limit. It is expected that smart
```

Author: interestingly the commit language I was cribbing a bit from said size, but yes it's actually count
